[MTM-62462] added change log for Spring Boot 3.4 update (#3080)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/cumulocity-2025-18-0-microservices-sdk-spring-boot-34.md

---
date: 2025-03-14
title: Microservice SDK updated to Spring Boot 3.4
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e

>     label: Announcement

Reviewer: @neuerburg What is your take on the change type "Announcement" here? This is an announcement of an important change that has happened.

Author: I used the same type as used for spring boot 3.3 upgrade.

Reviewer 2: When publishing changelog entries the following categories are available:

- Announcement
- API Change
- Feature
- Improvement
- Preview

IMO 'Announcment' is in order for this kind of change. Please let us know if you think another category would be more appropriate.

Author: @BeateRixen Do you have another change type in mind, which would fit better here?

Reviewer: @jend-c8y I had a discussion with @neuerburg on the use of the announcement change type recently, but let´s leave it as is for now until we have decided on and communicated any change in its usage.

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
component:
  - value: component-Sv2buFZ5l
    label: Microservice SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
version: 2025.18.0
ticket: MTM-62462
---
Starting from version **2025.18.0**, the Microservice SDK is now using Spring Boot 3.4.2. 

> Notice that along Spring Boot, most other dependencies were also updated to be consistent to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that along with Spring Boot, most other dependencies were also updated to be consistent to 
```

the dependencies which Spring Boot uses.

The version 2025.18.0 will also bring along updates to several third-party libraries and frameworks.
These changes will be included in the org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-dependencies:3.4.2 dependency 
which comes with Microservice SDK.

> **Impact**: Each of these updates may impact your microservices, potentially requiring code changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Impact**: The update may impact your microservices, potentially requiring code changes.
```

**Migration Resources**: Refer to the following guides for assistance with the changes:

> * [Spring Boot 3.0 Migration Guide](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-3.4-Release-Notes)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Spring Boot 3.4 Release Notes](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/wiki/Spring-Boot-3.4-Release-Notes)
```
